=About Love=
=Episode 22=
Why are you here?
Do you know who Lin Chen is with?
Stay out of Lin Chen's business.
He can be with whoever he wants now.
You should spend this time
focusing on your own work.
By the way,
today is
a big day for me.
After I get it done,
I'll call you tonight.
Let's celebrate.
Don't tell me you're getting married?
To Li Xiaoxi?
Who else would it be?
Do you know what kind of person she is?
What are you gonna say now?
She's a liar.
That lousy flower shop of hers
is just a front.
Do you know that?
She makes a living by seducing men.
Alright, I already know all that.
You know everything?
Xiaoxi already told me everything.
I know it all.
An Miu,
you're my closest friend.
Can you stop opposing her?
We're about to get married.
But do you know
she's still seducing other men?
What?
I told you. She's a total fraud!
Do you know
what she does behind your back?
Do you really know?
Today you're getting married to her.
Guess what she's doing right now?
She plays the innocent
and you actually believe it, man?
Are you stupid?
This is her signature trick!
Alright, enough!
I think you should think carefully.
She's honestly not right for you.
I... I wanted to
cover you with a blanket.
You were sleeping so soundly,
so I didn't wake you.
Thanks.
How much did I drink?
A lot. All the alcohol is finished.
Not as much as your Du Mian though.
Even he was done for.
Thanks.
Can I ask you something?
What is it?
Your ex-girlfriend.
Yeah, Zhen.
You were together so long.
Why did you break up?
Sorry.
Am I being too nosy?
Not.
Didn't I tell you before?
When she was running her business,
she got scammed for a huge sum of money.
She ended up in huge debt.
That's when
a man gave her a ton of money.
Bye bye.
Did he know you two were together?
He did.
But he didn't mind.
He'd liked Zhen for a long time,
and chased her for ages.
Finally got his chance
when I was at my lowest.
What kind of person is that?
So vicious.
Pretending to be a hero
coming to the rescue.
Thinks he's some kind of savior?
You talk a good game,
but thanks for
comforting me and sticking up for me.
I'll get revenge for you someday.
Some people think tests
can measure love's loyalty,
you know?
What do you mean?
Like getting pretty girls
to hit on men in different ways.
Ninety-nine percent fall for it.
Fake guys like Lin Chen
will definitely show his true colors.
I have to find proof.
Let the past stay in the past.
I don't care anymore.
I have a girlfriend now.
I still feel it's unfair for you.
Did you forget I promised to
stand up for you?
Miss An,
what's your relationship with Mr. Lin?
Are you his fiancée
or his girlfriend?
I'm here on behalf of a friend.
We don't accept
indirect commissions
with unclear motives.
The motive is clear.
I just want to expose
Lin Chen's true colors.
He's a liar.
Sorry,
I really can't help you.
Please, you should go.
Did I say something wrong?
You wanting revenge on Lin Chen,
that's your business.
We
only help vulnerable women here.
Trust me.
I am helping a woman right now.
This guy isn't a good person.
If trusting someone were that easy,
you wouldn't be here, right?
So what do I have to do for you
to help me?
Sorry, I need to take this call.
(Bei)
Hello, Bei.
Tomorrow works.
Can't I just call her Li Xiaoxi?
Alright, I'll call her Sister.
Happy now?
That's it, bye bye.
Sorry about that.
So tell me
why do you want to test Lin Chen?
What's his relationship
with your friend?
He's a hypocrite.
He hurt the person I cared about most.
(Voice Call)
(Guan)
Miss An.
Did you get it on camera?
Li Xiaoxi was sent by you, right?
Yeah.
Did you know everything?
Of course.
I wouldn't have sent her otherwise.
What are you really up to?
What I'm up to doesn't matter.
Isn't this what you wanted?
The current and the ex
fell for the same trick.
You have no competition now.
Miss An.
Sometimes love
needs decisive action.
Sis, you're here.
Sis.
Bei went out.
Where did he go?
I don't know,
but he seemed really hurried.
And didn't look too well.
(Bei)
(Li Xiaoxi)
Hello, sir. Do you have an appointment?
(Lin Chen)
Is Lin Chen here?
(Senior Counseling Psychologist, Lin Chen)
Sorry, Dr. Lin is busy now.
Shall I help you
book an appointment first?
Sir.
(Lin Chen
Psychological Counseling Center)
Sir, Sir, you're
disturbing other clients, Sir.
Sir.
You...
You really can't...
You really can't
go any further inside, Sir.
Sir, you... you can't do this, Sir.
Sir! Sir! Sir!
Sir, you can't do that, Sir!
Sir!
Excuse me.
Bei!
(Police)
(Jiang Yifan)
Hey, Jiang Yifan, what's up?
Bei's in trouble.
Oh? Huh?
Don't tell me
he got into a car accident?
No, he beat someone up.
He's at the police station now.
That doesn't make sense.
He's the rational
little angel of justice.
How could he be so impulsive?
Who could push him that far?
Can't explain in a few words.
Hurry over.
I'll send you the location later.
Okay.
Yeah, Qingping Police Station
on Huanhua Street.
Don't get lost, hurry.
What happened?
How'd he get into a fight?
Did someone drunk start trouble?
Bei beat someone up.
What? What the hell?
Why'd he do that?
Gong, were you at the scene?
No, I wasn't. I've got no idea.
Hurry over!
Do we need a lawyer?
(Legal Mediation)
Go ahead.
Who threw the first punch?
Me.
Why did you hit him?
(Host: Police Office)
On the serious side, fighting
is a criminal offense.
Severe cases can lead to imprisonment.
It's not really fighting.
We're old friends.
We've known each other for years.
Just messing around.
Then it got a bit out of hand.
Messing around like this?
Now you're scared?
Since we were called
and brought you here,
do you think you can
brush it off with a few words?
Is that possible?
No.
I didn't mean it that way.
Is what he said true?
We really didn't fight.
I just wanted to punch him.
Did you fight back just now?
I couldn't just stand there
and take it, right?
Did you fight back just now?
Just answer. Did you fight back?
Yes, I did. I fought back.
Well,
my head hurts.
Maybe you should take me
to the hospital.
I think it's pretty bad.
(Police)
Everything okay?
How's Bei doing?
What happened? Why'd he fight?
Who'd he hit?
Is the injury bad?
No idea. They won't let me in.
Just told me to wait here.
Officer.
My friend got into a little scuffle.
He's inside, right?
The two who were fighting?
Yeah.
I already told you.
They're taking statements.
Family will be notified
once there's a result.
Officer, sorry for the trouble.
But one of them is my fiancé.
Can I go in and say a word to him?
Sorry, I understand how you feel.
But no one's allowed to see him now.
Then can we ask
how this is usually handled?
First, we see how serious it is.
For one-sided attacks like this,
it depends on the victim's injuries.
If it's minor, we'll mediate.
If they agree to settle
and compensate actively,
it'll be fine.
Well...
what if they don't agree to settle?
Then it's hard to say.
According to
public security regulations,
detention for five to ten days
at minimum.
Severe cases lead to imprisonment.
Imprisonment?
Oh my god.
- Bei!
- Bei.
The settlement paperwork's done.
You can go now.
Thank you, officer.
Sorry for troubling you so late.
No need to thank me.
This comrade
decided not to press charges.
I just want this over with.
I still need to go to the hospital.
She's your girlfriend?
Got it.
Were we both set up?
Dude, you're pretty jacked.
What?
Your arms are pretty big, right?
Forty-two centimeters?
Where do you work out?
Bei, are you hurt?
Need to go to the hospital?
Let's go home.
(Police)
How's it going?
How are you?
Why are you so badly hurt?
I'm fine,
seeing you makes the pain go away.
You're already like this
and still in the mood to joke.
Take it slow.
Get in the car.
Where are you two going?
What? Another plan?
Yeah.
You go first.
Alright, we're off.
Let's go get a drink?
Okay.
Then it's on you.
Look at you, acting all coy.
Let's split it evenly.
You okay?
I have someone I like,
but
she's never been my girlfriend.
I'll get the first-aid kit.
Does it hurt?
About those photos,
can you let me explain?
If I said we were set up,
would you believe me?
My old partner, Guan.
You've met her too.
She's been trying to get me back.
She also called those guys
who fought at Linglong.
This time she told me
her sister has a terminal illness.
She wants her fiancé to leave her.
That fiancé is Lin Chen.
I couldn't refuse
a request
from a girl facing death.
But...
But I never thought
it was all a lie,
a trap of hers.
I don't even know why she
would go to so much trouble
to do this.
If I'd told you before
I met Lin Chen,
would you not
be so mad?
It's my fault.
Maybe it was wrong from the start.
I care too much what you think of me.
♪I'll admit♪
Let's not talk about this today.
My head's a mess.
Well,
I'll stay at the shop for a few days.
I just need some quiet.
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
If you don't want to see me,
I can go home for a few days..
No need.
♪I'm on my knees again♪
Too much happened today.
I need to think,
process it all.
I just want a quiet time alone.
Is that okay?
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is it a push or a shove♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪
♪I'm addicted♪
♪Every second of the day♪
♪Walking round the corners
of the room♪
♪Chasing your shadows♪
♪When the curtains close♪
♪I'll still be loving you♪
♪Sinking deep and deeper again♪
♪When the oceans fall♪
♪I'll still be holding you♪
♪Cause you are my truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪I thought it had came from
below us♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is it a push or a shove♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪
Did I ever offend you somehow?
Sit down, have some tea.
You've worked hard
to make things this messy.
Looks like the grudges run deep.
Say whatever you have to my face.
You forgot
Cheng Yu?
Xiaoxi,
I think...
Lately, Cheng Yu
has been
acting weird lately.
Why don't you test him for me?
I've always wanted to ask.
Have we met somewhere before?
We've known each other for a long time.
But you definitely don't know me.
Back in college,
I took your public lecture.
Professor Cheng.
School of Natural Sciences.
Which year were you in?
The International Business Department,
Class of 2012.
Now you're selling wine.
It's quite a fit for your major.
When did you get into
the red wine business?
You've done so well.
Makes me, a business major,
feel totally outclassed.
No matter how well it does,
it has nothing to do with me.
Professor Cheng,
is something on your mind?
If you...
if your
life and
every move you make
are all planned out by someone else,
no room for you to fight back,
to say a word against it,
you just have to take it.
Would you be happy?
Of course not.
But I can't imagine
anyone planning your life
when you're in your position.
I can't figure it out.
Professor Cheng.
Are you talking about...
I never thought someone like you,
who chases
independent spirit and free thinking,
would be trapped by love
for 20 whole years.
I think
love itself is beautiful.
But when two people are together,
if people's
status and wealth
keep growing,
their urge to control
will grow too.
It'll reshape you,
and turn you into
a total egomaniac.
That's terrifying.
Can you understand?
I do.
Sorry, Professor Cheng.
I'm really happy to meet you today.
Since we're getting along so well,
how about going somewhere else
to chat after dinner?
I thought
a great girl like you
wouldn't be...
Sorry.
A casual person.
Sorry, Professor Cheng.
I have to take this call.
Xiaoxi,
how's it going?
Cheng Yu's more cautious than I thought.
I see.
Give me a little more time.
I think he's interested,
just testing the waters.
Forget it.
That's enough.
Thank you,
you've worked hard.
Sorry to keep you waiting,
Professor Cheng.
Time flew by while we talked.
It's already this late.
We really hit it off.
I never thought
I'd tell you all this.
If we get a chance next time,
you have to show me
your treasured Luce wine.
Of course.
Good wine is meant to be shared
with those who appreciate it.
I'm sorry.
Waiter!
It's fine. It's okay.
Here.
Here, clean this up.
Come, take a look.
Sorry.
It's okay.
Well, Professor Cheng,
I'll head out for today.
Leaving so soon?
Didn't you say
you wanted to come to my house
to see my Luce?
It's too late today.
Why don't we make it tomorrow?
This bottle
has been at my house for a long time.
I want to open it
for you tonight.
Meeting you
makes me feel like
I'm young again.
With you here,
nothing else matters.
Okay.
I'll go with your plan, Professor Cheng.
(Omnidirectional recording)
Professor Cheng.
You called me to your house.
Do you have something to say to me?
You two are just unlucky.
My husband's not home.
Otherwise, he'd cook you a great meal.
Guan, your family life's so happy.
No wonder you have no worries.
You can put all your focus into work.
I can't even be jealous of that.
Today I want to see
the jewels in your safe, Guan.
I'm too excited.
Sure.
Guan.
We have something to do.
We'll come by next time.
Yeah, yeah. We'll leave now.
What are you two doing?
You go out first
I need to talk to him.
What do you mean?
You saw everything.
Jerk!
Total jerk!
Let's break up.
Leave me,
and you'll be
a worthless penniless nobody.
I don't care.
I can give up everything.
Just for her?
Yes, just for her.
I want to explain.
My phone broke that day.
I couldn't reach you.
I thought coming to his house,
he'd say something.
I could record solid evidence.
But I didn't expect to run into you
and your friend.
He's gone now.
The evidence doesn't matter anymore.
Guan.
Are you okay?
It's just a man.
No big deal.
You can leave now.
Alright.
I'll leave now.
Mm.
Do you believe in karma?
If it's not a coincidence,
then maybe it's fate's plan.
One day,
you'll love someone with all your heart.
That's when I'll get the chance
to test
if your true love
is really perfect.
You're doing this to me
just because
I laid the truth out in front of you?
Truth?
What truth?
Even if your phone broke,
you had a thousand chances
to call it off with Cheng Yu.
But you didn't.
You just had to keep going.
You had to
shove everything in my face.
You forced my head down,
made me watch it all,
and made me have to accept it.
I never thought...
I never thought you'd think this way.
Then how do you expect me to think?
Aren't you so proud?
The satisfaction of stepping on
every man under your feet.
Cheng Yu and I...
20 years.
Do you know how hard it was
to get here?
You know?
When we first came to this city,
we had nothing.
But we had each other
in our hearts.
I worked day and night
at a beauty salon.
The first money I earned,
I bought him a luxury watch.
Seeing it on his wrist
and seeing his satisfaction
made me so happy.
And
he'd buy the most expensive,
and tastiest food from school
every day for me.
Rode his beat-up bike
from East City
to West City
to bring it to me.
Stayed to watch me eat,
while he
only had steamed buns and pickles.
That kind of love.
Can you get it?
Now... 20 years.
20 years has all become a joke.
Every time I close my eyes,
I see you hugging him,
and him holding you.
He was saying those heartless words.
I keep having nightmares.
I don't even want to sleep.
Every night I dream you're together.
So you want me to feel the same pain.
You never know
until
you've been there.
You're right.
This whole thing is wrong.
Emotional testing
should never have existed.
I was too naive.
Too full of myself.
I hurt a lot of people,
including you.
It's too late now.
Nothing can be undone.
I know saying sorry
doesn't really help.
But I still want to say it.
I'm sorry.
I never meant to hurt you.
♪I'll admit♪
♪My back is faced against the wall♪
♪There's nothing that
I wouldn't try to do♪
♪For this feeling to have you♪
♪I'll resist♪
♪Your gaze, your lips♪
♪Your touches again♪
♪There's no one that
I wouldn't try to fool♪
♪For an image of you♪
♪Take my hand again♪
♪Take my mind again♪
♪Break into my heart again♪
♪I'm falling out again♪
♪I'm on my knees again♪
♪To beg for the truth♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪I thought it had came from
below us♪
♪Did it come from above♪
♪Tell me the secret of love♪
♪Is that the secret to love♪
♪Is it violent or warming, entrancing♪
♪This secret of love♪